---
title: "Proof of work"
date: 2020-10-07T00:31:39+09:00
draft: true
---

A '''proof of work''' is a piece of data which is difficult (costly,
time-consuming) to produce but easy for others to verify and which satisfies
certain requirements. Producing a proof of work can be a random process with low
probability so that a lot of trial and error is required ''on average'' before a
valid proof of work is generated. Bitcoin uses the [[Hashcash]] proof of work
system.

One application of this idea is using Hashcash as a method to preventing email
spam, requiring a proof of work on the email's contents (including the To
address), on every email. Legitimate emails will be able to do the work to
generate the proof easily (not much work is required for a single email), but
mass spam emailers will have difficulty generating the required proofs (which
would require huge computational resources).

Hashcash proofs of work are used in Bitcoin for block generation. In order for a
block to be accepted by network participants, [[Mining|miners]] must complete a
proof of work which covers all of the data in the block. The [[difficulty]] of
this work is adjusted so as to limit the rate at which new blocks can be
generated by the network to one every 10 minutes. Due to the very low
probability of successful generation, this makes it unpredictable which worker
computer in the network will be able to generate the next block.

For a block to be valid it must hash to a value less than the current
[[target]]; this means that each block indicates that work has been done
generating it. Each block contains the hash of the preceding block, thus each
block has a [[block chain|chain]] of blocks that together contain a large amount
of work. Changing a block (which can only be done by making a new block
containing the same predecessor) requires regenerating all successors and
redoing the work they contain. This protects the block chain from tampering.

The most widely used proof-of-work scheme is based on [[SHA-256]] and was
introduced as a part of [[Bitcoin]]. Some other hashing algorithms that are used
for proof-of-work include [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrypt Scrypt],
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BLAKE_(hash_function) Blake-256],
[[CryptoNight]], [https://heavycoin.github.io/ HEFTY1],
[https://131002.net/quark/quark_full.pdf Quark],
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-3 SHA-3],
[https://github.com/floodyberry/scrypt-jane scrypt-jane], scrypt-n, and
combinations thereof.

== Example ==

Let's say the base string that we are going to do work on is "Hello, world!".
Our target is to find a variation of it that SHA-256 hashes to a value smaller
than 2^240. We vary the string by adding an integer value to the end called a
[[nonce]] and incrementing it each time, then interpreting the hash result as a
long integer and checking whether it's smaller than the target 2^240. Finding a
match for "Hello, world!" takes us 4251 tries.

"Hello, world!0" =>
1312af178c253f84028d480a6adc1e25e81caa44c749ec81976192e2ec934c64 =
2^252.253458683 "Hello, world!1" =>
e9afc424b79e4f6ab42d99c81156d3a17228d6e1eef4139be78e948a9332a7d8 =
2^255.868431117 "Hello, world!2" =>
ae37343a357a8297591625e7134cbea22f5928be8ca2a32aa475cf05fd4266b7 =
2^255.444730341 ... "Hello, world!4248" =>
6e110d98b388e77e9c6f042ac6b497cec46660deef75a55ebc7cfdf65cc0b965 =
2^254.782233115 "Hello, world!4249" =>
c004190b822f1669cac8dc37e761cb73652e7832fb814565702245cf26ebb9e6 =
2^255.585082774 "Hello, world!4250" =>
0000c3af42fc31103f1fdc0151fa747ff87349a4714df7cc52ea464e12dcd4e9 =
2^239.61238653

4251 hashes on a modern computer is not very much work (most computers can
achieve at least 4 million hashes per second). Bitcoin automatically varies the
[[target]] (and thus the amount of work required to generate a block) to keep a
roughly constant rate of block generation.

In Bitcoin the hash value is also used as a reference to the block itself, so
somebody might say that their [[transaction]] has been mined into [[block]] with
hash
<code>0000c3af42fc31103f1fdc0151fa747ff87349a4714df7cc52ea464e12dcd4e9</code>.
The [[header]] of a [[block]] contains the
[[Protocol_documentation#Merkle_Trees|Merkle tree]] which depends on the
included [[transactions]]. This includes the generation transaction, a
transaction "out of nowhere" to our own address, which in addition to providing
the miner with incentive to do the work, also ensures that every miner hashes a
unique data set.

== List of algorithms ==

=== Traditional proof of work ===

# hashcash with double iterated SHA256

# hashcash with [[scrypt]] internal hash

# [[Momentum]] birthday collision

# Cuckoo Cycle proof of work https://github.com/tromp/cuckoo

# Various other proof of works functions

=== Proof of X ===

# [[Proof of Stake]]

# [[Proof of Burn]]

[[Category:Vocabulary]] [[Category:Proof-of-x]] [[Category:Technical]]

[[fr:Preuve de travail]]

==References== [[Distribution of nonces and hashes]] <references/>

â’¸ Bitcoin Wiki https://en.bitcoin.it/ 2020 This page content is translated by
Bitcoin wiki. original right is reserved by them.
