---
title: "ソフトウェア"
date: 2020-10-07T00:37:38+09:00
draft: true
---

List of Bitcoin-related '''software'''. See also
[[:Category:Software|Category:Software]].

Be sure to keep on top of the latest [[CVEs|security vulnerabilities]]!

==Bitcoin clients== ===Bitcoin clients=== ::''Main article and feature
comparison: [[Clients]]'' _[[Bitcoin Core]] - C++/Qt based tabbed UI.
Linux/MacOSX/Windows. Full-featured [[Thin Client Security|thick client]] that
downloads the entire [[block chain]], using code from the original Bitcoin
client. _[[bitcoind]] - GUI-less version of the original Bitcoin client,
providing a [[API reference (JSON-RPC)|JSON-RPC]] interface _[[MultiBit]] -
lightweight [[Thin Client Security|thin client]] for Windows, MacOS and Linux
with support for opening multiple wallets simultaneously _[[Electrum]] - a
"blazing fast, open-source, multi-OS Bitcoin client/wallet with a very active
community" - also a [[Thin Client Security|thin client]]. _[https://bither.net/
Bither] - open source wallet for Android, iPhone and Desktop with cold storage
support. _[[Bitcoin-js-remote]] - JavaScript RPC client, support for QR codes
_[https://github.com/TheSeven/Bitcoin-WebUI Bitcoin WebUI] - JavaScript RPC
client _[[Bitcoin_Explorer|Bitcoin Explorer]] - Bitcoin command line tools for
Linux, OSX and Windows, part of [[Libbitcoin]] SDK. _[[Bitcoiner]] - Java RPC
client (Android) _[[Armory]] - Enterprise grade Python-based client
_[[Spesmilo]] - Python/PySide RPC client (abandoned) _[[Gocoin bitcoin
software|Gocoin]] - WebUI client written in Go language, with a cold
deterministic brain-wallet. _[https://github.com/conformal/btcd btcd] An
alternative full node bitcoin implementation written in Go (golang).
_[http://www.blockcypher.com BlockCypher] Full node bitcoin client built for
scale and data centers, exposed through web APIs. \*[[Mycelium]] Awarded the
prestigious "Best Mobile App" award by Blockchain.info in 2014, the Mycelium
wallet for Android provides several security features.

====Frontends to eWallet==== _[https://blockchain.info/wallet Blockchain] -
Javascript bitcoin client with client side encryption.
_[https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Xcoinmoney xCoinMoney] Advanced API to create
invoices for subscription. _[https://cancoin.co/wallet Cancoin] - HSM multi-sig
wallet using libbitcoin. Client side encryption. ====Experimental====
_[[Freecoin]] - C++ client, supports alternative currencies like
[https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=9493.0 Beertoken] _[[BitDroid]] - Java
client _[[Bitdollar]] - C++/Qt client, unstable beta version

==Bitcoin software==

===Live operating systems===

A [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Live_USB live operating system] can start on
almost any computer from a DVD, USB stick, or SD card, without installation.

- [[BitKey]] - Live OS Bitcoin Swiss Army Knife, supports cold storage and
  air-gapped transactions
- [https://tails.boum.org/ Tails] Privacy oriented Live OS, bundled with Tor and
  Electrum.

===Exchange Platform Software=== _[https://www.alphapoint.com/ Alphapoint] -
Bitcoin Exchange Software. Full system to run a digital currency exchange.
Customize and launch your own digital currency and Bitcoin exchange in less than
20 days with AlphaPoint. Also supports automatic market-making on your exchange
using 3rd party exchanges such as Bitfinex, BTCChina, and others. Supports many
exchanges and smart routing, with automated account management.
_[http://www.merkeleon.at/ex%D1%81hange/ Merkeleon] - Bitcoin Exchange Software.
A fully online software solution to launch a secure and reliable platform for
crypto- and main world fiat currencies sale and purchase. Supports any currency
integration, provides wide monetization opportunity for the owner.
_[https://exknox.com/ ExKnox] - Open Source Exchange Software Development Team.
Custom solutions built upon the world's most trusted matching engine.
_[https://www.sellbitbuy.net/ Sellbitbuy] - Local bitcoin clone script. Complete
solution for launching an exchange platform like remitano, bitsquare and paxful.
_[https://www.cryptoexchangescript.com
Cryptoexchangescript.com]-Cryptocurrency/bitcoin exchange script software.A
complete solution to start your own bitcoin trading or exchange platform
instantly.The website provides demo with 100% source code, go to market options
and easy setup.
_[https://www.blockchainappfactory.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-software
Blockchain App Factory]-Crypto exchange software.End-End solution to build your
own whitelabel exchange platform with core
functionalities. \*[https://www.infiniteblocktech.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-software
Infinite Block Tech] - Launch your exchange proficiently and start your own
crypto exchange instantly.Their blockchain module is powerful and guarantees
elite, secure, instant, productive, and viable exchanges that will get more
clients, and more footing for your business on a worldwide scale.

===Shopping Cart Integration in eCommerce-Systems===
_[[File:Ms-icon-310x310.png|20px]][https://apirone.com/integrations/ apirone.com] -
Magento 2, WooCommerce, OpenCart 3.x & 2.3, ocStore and VirtueMart plugins, PHP,
Rest API. Accept Bitcoins directly to specified wallet. SegWit support.
_[[GoCoin]] - Plugin for WooCommerce support and coming soon Magento _[[Zen Cart
Bitcoin Payment Module]] - a payment module that interacts with bitcoind for the
Zen Cart eCommerce shopping chart.
_[https://coinbase.com/docs/merchant_tools/shopping_cart_plugins Coinbase
Shopping Cart Plugins] - Supports Wordpress, WooCommerce, Magento, Zencart, WP
e-commerce, and more. _[[Karsha Shopping Cart Interface]] - is a mobile
payment-interface which enables its users to accept payments.
_[[Bitcoin-Cash]] - an easy to use payment module for xt:Commerce _[[BitPay]] -
bitcoin plugins for Magento, Opencart, Zencart, PHP, JSON API _[[WalletBit]] -
Plugins for PrestaShop, OpenCart, PHP, JSON API

- [https://www.xcoinmoney.com/info/api-general-info xCoinMoney] Advanced API for
  instant payment and subscriptions \*[[OpenCart Bitcoin]] - An OpenCart payment
  module that communicates with a bitcoin client using JSON RPC.
- [[File:MCS_200by200_logo-01.png|20px|link=http://www.mycoinsolution.com]][http://www.mycoinsolution.com my coin solution] -
  Bitcoin consulting services and solutions; custom payment integrations
  \*[[OsCommerce_Bitcoin_Payment_Module|OsCommerce Bitcoin Payment Module]] - a
  payment module that uses a python monitoring script to interact with bitcoind
  for OsCommerce
- [http://drupal.org/project/uc_bitcoin Drupal Ubercart Bitcoin payment method]
  enables you to accept Bitcoin as payment for your Drupal/Ubercart enabled
  website product/services.

=== Enterprise server === _[https://apicoin.io Apicoin] First bitcoin PaaS
(Platform as a Service) _[http://bitsofproof.com Bits of Proof] - a modular
enterprise-ready implementation of the Bitcoin
protocol. \*[http://www.blockcypher.com BlockCypher] Full node bitcoin client
built for scale and data center environments.

===Web apps=== _[[Cryptopay]] — hosted wallet, exchange and bitcoin debit card
provider _[[Abe]] — block chain viewer _[[Bitcoin Central]] — currency exchange
_[https://github.com/Mirobit/bitcoin-node-manager Bitcoin Node Manager] — Open
source PHP dashboard for Bitcoin nodes. _[[Bitcoin Poker Room]] — poker site
_[[bitcoin_simple_php_tools]] — simple php tools for webmasters
_[[Blockonomics]] - Easy to use bitcoin financial tracker _[[Blockpath]] -
Wallet tracker with a graphical block explorer, QuickBooks integration, and
blockchain discussion platform _[[Blocktrail]] - Web wallet with high level
security. Syncs seamlessly with your iphone and android Blocktrail wallet.
_[https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Coinbase_(business) Coinbase] — an international
digital wallet that allows you to securely buy, use, and accept bitcoin currency
_[[Coinnext]] — Cryptocurrency Exchange _[http://www.coinsummary.com/
CoinSummary] — multi-coin wallet manager with built-in valuation in Bitcoin and
major world currencies.

- [[File:Paxful_how-to-buy-bitcoin.png
  |20px|link=https://paxful.com]][https://paxful.com paxful] Accept Bitcoin and
  Sell bitcoin on Peer to peer market. _[[Pocket Dice]] — First realistic
  bitcoin dice game. _[[Simplecoin]] — PHP web frontend for a pool _[[Coinbase
  Exchange]] - Bitcoin exchange with complete API for traders.
  _[https://cancoin.co/wallet Cancoin] - HSM Multi-sig wallet and p2p exchange\*
  \*coming soon

===White label software===

_[[Blockchain_App_Factory|Blockchain App Factory]] - Whitelabel Bitcoin Exchange
Solutions _[https://www.alphapoint.com/ Alphapoint] - Bitcoin Exchange Software.
Full system to run a digital currency exchange. Customize and launch your own
digital currency and Bitcoin exchange in less than 20 days with AlphaPoint. Also
supports automatic market-making on your exchange using 3rd party exchanges such
as Bitstamp and others. Supports many exchanges and smart routing, with
automated account management. _[https://www.draglet.com/ draglet] - Bitcoin
Exchange Software / white label solution _[https://www.casinoevolution.com/
'''Casino Evolution'''] gaming software developed by
'''www.SoftSwiss.com''' \*[http://www.infraexdev.com/ InfraEx Development] -
Open Source Exchange Software Development Team. Custom solutions built upon the
world's most trusted matching engine.

===Browser extensions=== _[[Bitcoin Extension]] - check balance and send
bitcoins (Chrome) _[[Bitcoin Prices (extension)]] - monitoring price (Firefox)
_[[Bitcoin Ticker]] - monitoring price (Chrome) _[[Biticker]] - Bitcoin ticker,
currency converter and history price graph (Chrome)
_[https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitcoin-microformats/bkanicejfbhlidgjkpenmddnacjengld?hl=en
Bitcoin Microformats] Show bitcoin address metadata embedded in a page (Chrome)
_[https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitcoin-address-lookup/pmlblkdmadbidammhjiponepngbfcpge?hl=en
Bitcoin Address Lookup] Right click an address to view its value. (Chrome)

===PC apps=== _[https://centrabit.com/downloads/ Qt Bitcoin Trader] - Open
Source Multi exchange trading client for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux
_[http://www.mybtc-trader.com MyBTC-Trader.com] - a MtGox Bitcoin trading client
for windows with GUI _[[Mining Explorer]] - monitoring tool for bitcoin mining
_[[Bitcoin SMS Alert]] - sends SMS text alerts to a user's phone based on BTC
price / percent thresholds. _[[BTConvert]] - currency conversion _[[Sierra Chart
MtGox Bridge]] - real-time charting _[[BitTicker]] - monitoring price (Mac OS X)
_[[ToyTrader]] - a command line trading tool for [[MtGox]] _[[goxsh]] - a
command-line frontend to the [[MtGox|Mt. Gox Bitcoin Exchange]](Python)
_[[MyBitcoins gadget]] - monitoring pool earnings / price (Windows gadget)
_[[Bitcoin QR Popup]] - streamlined interface to bitcoin for POS systems
(Windows) _[http://gnome-help.org/content/show.php/Bitcoin+Rate?content=138572
Bitcoin Rate] - Desktop widget with BTC exchange rate (KDE)
_[http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php?content=142344 Bitcoin Monitor] - Desktop
widget to monitor status of your Bitcoin miners on mining pools (KDE)
_[https://www.cortex7.net Cortex7] - Multi exchange charting and trading
application for Windows, Mac and Linux. _[[Bitcoin_Explorer|Bitcoin Explorer]] -
A command line client and tools for Windows, Mac and Linux. Single file binary
download. Part of [[Libbitcoin]] SDK. _[[Bitcoin_Server|Bitcoin Server]] - A
full node for Windows, Mac and Linux. Single file binary download. Part of
[[Libbitcoin]] SDK.

===Mobile apps=== ==== iPhone / iPad ==== _[https://airbitz.co/bitcoin-wallet
Airbitz Bitcoin Wallet] - Full featured iPhone bitcoin wallet & directory map
(finds businesses that accept bitcoin near you). Airbitz wallet also
automatically implements encryption, backup, and multidevice synchronization.
_[https://blockchain.info/wallet/iphone-app Blockchain] - Fully featured iphone
bitcoin app. _[https://blocktrail.com/ Blocktrail] - A powerful iphone bitcoin
wallet, keeps you in control of your bitcoin. Highly secure. Syncs with the web
wallet and android app seamlessly. _[[Bitcoin Ticker (iPhone)]] - monitoring
price w/push notifications _[[BitCoins Mobile]] - First iPad native app! Live
market data, news feeds, mining pool statistics, full screen exchange price
charts, bitcoin network statistical charts. (iPad only, iPhone/iPod Touch coming
soon!) _[https://github.com/teeman/BitcoinTrader BitcoinTrader] - Spend/receive
BTC via QR codes, trade, deposit/withdraw, etc. Supports Mt. Gox, TradeHill,
ExchB, CampBX, and InstaWallet. _[[Bit-pay]] - Mobile Checkout, set prices in
any currency and receive mobile-to-mobile payment
_[http://blog.coinbase.com/post/64824441934/the-coinbase-ios-app-has-launched
Coinbase iPhone App] _[[Easywallet.org]] - Web based wallet, works with QR Code
scanner on iPhone/iPad/iPod touch
_[https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/btc-miner/id648411895?ls=1&mt=8 BTC Miner
(iPhone)] - monitor mining results from various mining pools on iPhone/iPad/iPod
touch _[[BitStore]] - Simple and secure native iOS wallet _[[BitTick]] -
Real-time Bitcoin ticker. Real-time currency convert(support 50+ currency. USD,
GBP, EUR, CNY, JPY, CAD, RUB, AUD, BRL, NZD, PLN, KRW…)
_[https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/twizbits-bitcoin-price-ticker/id1041790847?mt=8-
Twizbits Bitcoin price ticker] - Real-time Bitcoin price ticker for Coinbase
Exchange (support USD, GBP, EUR, CAD)
_[https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/cold-storage-coins/id1352363663?mt=8 Cold
Storage Coins iPhone app]. Pairs with Cold Storage Coins hard wallets, works
with QR Code scanner on iPhone/iPad/ etc.

==== Android ====

- Direct link to Android Market bitcoin apps.
  https://play.google.com/store/search?q=bitcoin
  _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.bither Bither] - open
  source Android wallet with support for offline cold storage. _[[Mycelium]] -
  Leading SPV Android wallet with many advanced features.
  _[https://airbitz.co/bitcoin-wallet Airbitz Bitcoin Wallet] - Full featured
  Android bitcoin wallet & directory map (finds businesses that accept bitcoin
  near you). Airbitz wallet also automatically implements encryption, backup,
  and multidevice synchronization. _[[Bitcoin Alert]] - monitoring price
  (Android)
  _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobnetic.coinguardian&hl=pl
  Bitcoin Checker] - Monitors the prices of cryptocurrencies on over 70
  exchanges _[[Bitcoin Wallet Balance]] - view your balance in real time on your
  android phone _[[Bitcoin Wallet]] - Functional Android bitcoin wallet
  application. _[[BitPay]] -
  https://market.android.com/details?id=com.bitcoin.bitpay (Is not related to
  the bit-pay.com online payment processor.)
  _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=st.brothas.mtgoxwidget&hl=pl
  Bitcoin Ticker Widget] - displays and monitors the current BTC and LTC
  exchange rates. _[[Bridgewalker]] - euro-denominated wallet for the Bitcoin
  economy _[https://blockchain.info/wallet/android-app Blockchain] - Lightweight
  Android Bitcoin Client - Also works with blockchain.info web interface and
  iphone app. _[https://blocktrail.com/ Blocktrail] - A powerful android bitcoin
  wallet, keeps you in control of your bitcoin. Highly secure. Syncs with the
  web wallet and iphone app seamlessly.
  _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinbase.android&hl=en
  Coinbase Wallet] - supports buying, selling, sending, requesting, and more.
  _[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinbase.android.merchant&hl=en
  Coinbase Merchant] - makes it easy to accept bitcoin at a retail location
  _[http://coincliff.com CoinCliff] - Monitors price and fires alarms to wake
  you up, or notifications, as in text messages (Android) _[http://coinomi.com/
  Coinomi] - Coinomi is a very secure and lightweight, universal, open-source HD
  wallet for Bitcoin and many altcoins.
  ([https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coinomi.wallet Android])
  _[https://www.cortex7.net Cortex7] - Multi exchange charting and trading
  application for Android. _[[Easywallet.org]] - Web based wallet, works with QR
  Code scanner on Android devices _[[Miner Status]] - monitoring miner status
  (Android) _[[SMS Bitcoins]] - transactions by SMS \*[http://tab-trader.com/
  TabTrader] - monitoring and trading(Android)

==== Windows Phone 7 ==== \*Direct link to Windows Phone Marketplace Bitcoin
apps: [http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/search?q=bitcoin]

==== Windows Phone 8 ==== \*[[Bitcoin Can]] - Monitoring prices, account
balances and mobile trading on multiple exchanges including Coinbase, BTC-E,
CampBX, and MtGox.
http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/bitcoin-can/57fcf4d6-497a-4663-8da3-93cb26c83b11

see also [[Bitcoin Payment Apps]]

===Mining apps=== Main page: [[Mining software]]

_[[BFGMiner]] - Modular ASIC/FPGA/GPU miner in C
_[http://www.groupfabric.com/bitcoin-miner/ Bitcoin Miner by GroupFabric] - Free
easy-to-use DirectX GPU miner on the Windows Store _[[CGMiner]] - ASIC/FPGA/GPU
miner in C _[http://fabulouspanda.co.uk/macminer/ MacMiner] - A native Mac OS X
Bitcoin miner based on cgminer, bfgminer, cpuminer and poclbm _[[Asteroid]] -
Mac-specific GUI based on cgminer _[[MultiMiner]] - GUI based on
cgminer/bfgminer for Windows, OS X and Linux, allows switching between
currencies based on profitability

===Mining Pool Servers (backend)=== Main page: [[Poolservers]]

_[[CoiniumServ]] - High performance C# Mono/.Net poolserver. _[[ecoinpool]] -
Erlang poolserver (not maintained) _[[Eloipool]] - Fast Python3 poolserver
_[[Pushpoold]] - Old mining poolserver in C (not maintained) _[[Poold]] - Old
Python mining poolserver (not maintained) _[[PoolServerJ]] - Java mining
poolserver (not maintained) _[[Remote miner]] - mining pool software
_[[ckpool]] - Open source pool/database/proxy/passthrough/library in c for Linux

===Libraries===

=====C===== _[https://github.com/libbtc/libbtc libbtc] - A fast, clean and small
bitcoin C library _[https://github.com/jgarzik/picocoin picocoin] - Tiny bitcoin
library, with lightweight client and utils
_[https://github.com/luke-jr/libbase58 libbase58] - C library implementation of
[[Base58]] and [[Base58Check]] encodings _[[libblkmaker]] - C library
implementation of [[getblocktemplate]] decentralized mining protocol

=====C++===== \*[[Libbitcoin]] - Comprehensive set of C++ libraries: key
formats, crypto, math, encodings, urls, mnemonics, blockchain, full node,
client-server, etc. Linux and OSX Autotools builds. Visual Studio solutions for
Windows, with Unicode support. Extensive test suite and
[https://travis-ci.org/libbitcoin continuous integration builds]. Core
dependencies limited to [http://www.boost.org Boost] and
[https://github.com/bitcoin/secp256k1 Libsecp256k1] with [http://zeromq.org
ZeroMQ] required for client-server API.

====C / C++==== \*[https://airbitz.co/bitcoin-wallet-api-library Bitcoin Wallet
API Library] - Airbitz Core (ABC) C/C++ Library implements user authentication,
account wallet creation, multi device synchronization and backup, transaction
meta data management, Bitcoin address generation, key management, decentralized
access to bitcoin network, shared wallets w/multisig (Q1 2015)

====Java==== _[[bitcoinj]] - popular client library for Java, currently used in
several desktop/mobile applications. _[[BCCAPI]] (BitCoin Client API) - a java
library designed for making secure light-weight bitcoin clients.
\*[[BitcoinCrypto]] - a lightweight Bitcoin crypto library for Java/Android.

====Objective-C==== \*[https://github.com/keeshux/BitcoinSPV BitcoinSPV] - A
native Bitcoin SPV client library for iOS with BIP32 support.

====Perl==== \*[[Finance::MtGox]] - a Perl module which interfaces with the Mt.
Gox API

====Python==== [https://pybtc.readthedocs.io/ PYBTC] Python library for Bitcoin.
\*[[python-blkmaker]] - Python module implementation of [[getblocktemplate]]
decentralized mining protocol

===Development utilities=== _[[Bitcoin Dissector]] - a wireshark dissector for
the bitcoin protocol _[[Bitcoin Explorer]] - an advanced command line tool for
working with bitcoin _[[Bitcointools]] - a set of Python tools accessing the
transaction database and the wallet
_[https://github.com/straumat/blockchain2graph Blockchain2graph] - a tool to
import bitcoin blockchain into neo4j

===Lists of software=== \*[[BitGit]] - list of Bitcoin-related opensource
projects hosted at Git

===Developer resources=== _[[:Category:Developer|Category:Developer]]
_[[:Category:Technical|Category:Technical]] _[[Original Bitcoin client/API calls
list]] _[[API reference (JSON-RPC)]] \*[[PHP_developer_intro|PHP Developer
Introduction]]

===Other=== _[http://www.phyramid.com/ Phyramid] Digital Agency offering
software development and design services for Bitcoin businesses. _[[Bitcoin
Consultancy]] - an organization providing open source software and
Bitcoin-related consulting _[[Open Transactions]] - a financial crypto and
digital cash software library, complementary to Bitcoin _[[Moneychanger]] -
Java-based GUI for [[Open Transactions]] \*[http://btcnames.org/ BTCnames] - a
webbased aliasing service which allows to handle unlimited names for your BTC
deposit hashes

- [http://www.bitcoinmining.com/bitcoin-mining-software/ Bitcoin Mining
  Software] - A helpful list of various Bitcoin software options

== Webservices / APIs ==

===Bitcoin Infrastructure===

- [[BlockTrail.com]] - Bitcoin API and platform for developers, complete with
  SDKs for PHP, Python, NodeJS and more
- [http://www.blockcypher.com BlockCypher] - High reliability Bitcoin Web
  Services, including web hooks, double spend detection and many SDKs.

===Bitcoin Trade Data=== _[[Bitcoin Charts]] – Prices, volume, and extensive
charting on virtually all Bitcoin markets. _[https://bitcoinchain.com
BitcoinChain] - Bitcoin block explorer, exchange markets and mining pools.
_[[MtGox Live]] - An innovative chart showing a live feed of [[MtGox]] trades
and market depth. (Must Use Chrome) _[http://btccharts.com BTCCharts] - An
innovative chart showing a live feed of multiple markets, currencies and
timeframes. _[http://MY-BTC.info MY-BTC.INFO] - A free profit/loss portfolio
manager for Bitcoins and other digital currencies including many charts.
_[http://BitcoinExchangeRate.org BitcoinExchangeRate.org] - Bitcoin and USD
converter with convenient URL scheme and Auto-updating Portfolio Spreadsheet.
_[[Bitcoin Sentiment Index]] - A financial index that collects and disseminates
sentiment data about bitcoin. _[[Preev]] - Bitcoin converter with live exchange
rates. _[[Skami]] - Bitcoin Market Exchange comparison charts.
_[[BitcoinSentiment]] - Crowdvoting site offering means of voting and viewing
voters sentiment towards bitcoin. \*[[TradingView]] – network where traders
exchange ideas about Bitcoin using advanced free online charts

===Web interfaces for merchants===
_[[File:Ms-icon-310x310.png|20px]][https://apirone.com/docs/ apirone.com] - CMS
plugins, RESTful API, Bitcoin Forwarding and wallet API, native SegWit support.
_[https://developer.bitaps.com/ bitaps.com] - Blockchian API, Wallet API,
Payment forwarding API, Market API, TOR network endpoint and TOR callbacks.
_[[BitMerch]] - Embeddable HTML buttons, instant sign-up, instant payouts,
automatic price adjustment for other currencies. No programming skills required
to set up. _[[Bitcoin Evolution]] - Non wallet-based Buy Now button to insert
into websites (handles sales tracking; client must be used for actual
transaction) _[[BitPay]] - Buy Now buttons, Checkout posts/callbacks, Mobile
Checkout, JSON API _[[Btceconomy]] - a JavaScript widget listing items for sale
_[https://coinbase.com/merchants Coinbase] - Provides bitcoin payment processing
for Overstock.com, Reddit, Khan Academy, OkCupid, and more.
_[[File:Easybitz.png|20px|link=https://github.com/goethewins/EzBitcoin-Api-Wallet]]
Simplest Web API for processing transactions with your own server. php code
igniter, database and logging auth system included. Same as block chain.info api
_[[BTCMerch]] - Payment processor for bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies. 0.5%
transaction fee. Sandbox is available. _[[GoCoin]] - Payment gateway for
bitcoin. Supports JavaScript, PHP, Java, Ruby, and .NET \*[[WalletBit]] - Easy
JavaScript Buy Now buttons, Instant Payment Notification, Application
Programming Interface (JSON API), Mobile Checkout, QR-Code

- [https://www.PikaPay.com PikaPay]([[PikaPay|info]]) The PikaPay service will
  be retiring as of March 1st, 2015

[[Category:Software|*]]

Ⓒ Bitcoin Wiki https://en.bitcoin.it/ 2020 This page content is translated by
Bitcoin wiki. original right is reserved by them.
